---
title: "Block chain Intro (udacity)"
date: 2019-09-10 08:26:28 -0400
layout: post
categories: intro of blockchain update
---

I am currently studying in 'Udacity blockchain developer'
So I want to write down lectures I studied.

Block chain share data in the network but hackers cannot steal it. 
How is the very important topic. 

Bitcoin, one of the biggest and famous coin which made by blockchain, is made by 'satoshi nakamoto'

Before talk about details, I researched the examples of blockchain in industry.

1)	IBM Blockchain
supply chain – can track all information of record that government needs for knowing each information and not wasting time by avoiding complex instructions. 
 asset registration – To get trust and transparency, government need to verify ownership and ensure smooth financial transactions. IBM doesn’t disrupt existing registry data and at the same time link shared ledger to ownership of an asset.
By help of IBM, government create a framework of linked data records through immutable ledger. Data records are preserved in distributed environment.

2)	Cloud computing
 Akash (blockchain-based platforms) – it was not too long that when we carry files in computer to others, we have to use both computers directly. But in Akash platforms, users can rent idle computing power from provider listed on the network. So idle providers can be changed into viable revenue stream. So market stream are moving solely by supply and demand instead of centralized, fixed prices.

3)	Online gaming
 MyDFS – This company gives tokens to users by depending on their performance. Users can bet on the performance of other players. 
